Add animation tutorials to the main tutorials branch (#1915)
ansys/pydpf-core: doc/source/user_guide/tutorials/animate/animate_data.rst

> .. _ref_tutorials_animate_data:

Reviewer: We need to specify that this tutorial will be about animations in time, as we can also do animations on modes and potentially other types of animations.

> ============
> Animate data
> ============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
======================
Animate transient data
======================
```

> :bdg-warning:`MAPDL` :bdg-success:`LSDYNA`

Reviewer: Add Fluent and CFX

Reviewer: See older comment about creating our own badges https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/badge/#sass

.. |Field| replace:: :class:`Field<ansys.dpf.core.field.Field>`
.. |FieldsContainer| replace:: :class:`FieldsContainer<ansys.dpf.core.fields_container.FieldsContainer>`

> .. |Fields| replace:: :class:`Fields<ansys.dpf.core.field.Field>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Can we use `|Field|s` instead? Or `each |Field|`, or another variant

Author: okok

.. |FieldsContainers| replace:: :class:`FieldsContainers<ansys.dpf.core.fields_container.FieldsContainer>`
.. |MeshedRegion| replace:: :class:`MeshedRegion <ansys.dpf.core.meshed_region.MeshedRegion>`
.. |TimeFreqSupport| replace:: :class:`TimeFreqSupport <ansys.dpf.core.time_freq_support.TimeFreqSupport>`
.. |animate| replace:: :func:`animate() <ansys.dpf.core.fields_container.FieldsContainer.animate>`
.. |Result| replace:: :class:`Result <ansys.dpf.core.results.Result>`
.. |Operator| replace:: :class:`Operator<ansys.dpf.core.dpf_operator.Operator>`

> This tutorial shows how to animate your results data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to create 3D animations of the data.
```

> To animate a result you need to get the data stored in a |FieldsContainer| labeled in time steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To animate data across time you need to get the data stored in a |FieldsContainer| labeled in time.
```

Get the result files
--------------------

> Here we we will download a  result file available in our `Examples` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First download a result file available in our `Examples` package.
```

Reviewer: We may need a `replace` for the `ansys.dpf.core.examples` module like you did for `FieldsContainer`.

For more information about how to import your result file in DPF check
the :ref:`ref_tutorials_import_data` tutorial section.

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: MAPDL

        .. code-block:: python

            # Import the ``ansys.dpf.core`` module, including examples files and the operators subpackage
            from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
            from ansys.dpf.core import examples
            from ansys.dpf.core import operators as ops
            # Define the result file
            result_file_path_1 = examples.find_msup_transient()
            # Create the model
            my_model_1 = dpf.Model(data_sources=result_file_path_1)

>             # Get the mesh
>             my_meshed_region_1 = my_model_1.metadata.meshed_region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We do not need the mesh to animate

        .. code-block:: python

            # Import the ``ansys.dpf.core`` module, including examples files and the operators subpackage
            from ansys.dpf import core as dpf
            from ansys.dpf.core import examples
            from ansys.dpf.core import operators as ops
            # Define the result file
            result_file_path_2 = examples.download_d3plot_beam()
            # Create the DataSources object
            my_data_sources_2 = dpf.DataSources()
            my_data_sources_2.set_result_file_path(filepath=result_file_path_2[0], key="d3plot")
            my_data_sources_2.add_file_path(filepath=result_file_path_2[3], key="actunits")
            # Create the model
            my_model_2 = dpf.Model(data_sources=my_data_sources_2)

Define time and mesh scopings
-----------------------------

Here we get all the the time steps of the |TimeFreqSupport| and all the |MeshedRegion| with results in a ``Nodal``
location (only elemental, nodal or faces location are supported for the animation).
For more information on how to define a scoping check the ``Narrow down data`` tutorial in the :ref:`ref_tutorials_import_data`
tutorials section.

> 

Reviewer: This is not needed.

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: MAPDL

        .. code-block:: python

            # Get all the time steps
            time_scoping_1 = my_model_1.metadata.time_freq_support.time_frequencies
            # Get all the mesh in a nodal location
            mesh_scoping_1 = dpf.Scoping(ids=my_meshed_region_1.nodes.scoping.ids, location=dpf.locations.nodal)

    .. tab-item:: LSDYNA

        .. code-block:: python

            # Get all the time steps
            time_scoping_2 = my_model_2.metadata.time_freq_support.time_frequencies

Extract the results
-------------------

> You have to extracted the results of interest.

Reviewer: This needs reformulating.

> You have to extracted the results of interest.

Author: ```suggestion
You have to extracted the results of interest.
```
Extract the results of interest

> When you animate the data you go through the |Fields| of a |FieldsContainer| and plot contours of

Reviewer: See remark above on `|Fields|`.

the data norm or of the selected data component. This means that the geometry needs to be deformed

> based on the |Fields| themselves.

Reviewer: We can animate without deformation. It will just animate the color map.

Author: Yes I explain it after. I can change the order of things here

The geometry can be deformed by a |Result| object, an |Operator| (It must evaluate to a FieldsContainer
of same length as the one being animated), a |Field| or a |FieldsContainer|.

To deform the geometry we need a result with a homogeneous unit dimension, thus, a distance unit.

> Thus, to deform the mesh we need the displacement result.

Reviewer: Actually the requirement is that it is a 3D vector field.

For more information see: :ref:`ref_plotting_data_on_deformed_mesh`

Here we get:

- The displacement results and the stress result for the MAPDL result file
- The displacement results and the beam axial force result for the LSDYNA result file

.. tab-set::

    .. tab-item:: MAPDL

        .. code-block:: python

            # Get the displacement results
            my_disp_1 = my_model_1.results.displacement(time_scoping=time_scoping_1,
                                                        mesh_scoping=mesh_scoping_1).eval()
            # Get the stress results
            my_stress_1 = my_model_1.results.stress(time_scoping=time_scoping_1,
                                                        mesh_scoping=mesh_scoping_1).eval()

    .. tab-item:: LSDYNA

        .. code-block:: python

            # Get the displacement results
            my_disp_2 = my_model_2.results.displacement(time_scoping=time_scoping_2.eval()
            # Get the stress results

>             my_beam_axial_force_2 = my_model_2.results.beam_axial_force(time_scoping=time_scoping_2).eval()

Reviewer: To refactor for only one case

Animate the results
-------------------

You animate a |FieldsContainer| by using the |animate| method.

The default behavior consists in:

- Using a constant and uniform scale factor of 1.0

> - Showing the deformed geometry if the method was used directly with the displacement fields.
> - Showing the static geometry if the method was used with other results fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Showing the deformed geometry if the method is used directly with the displacement fields.
- Showing the static geometry if the method is used with other results fields.
```

Reviewer: Check about the default behavior for a displacement field/3D vector field. We should be able to animate it without meh deformation and explain it here.

Animate the displacement results
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Use the |animate| method with no arguments to get the default animation to the displacement results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use |FieldsContainer|.|animate| with no arguments and get the default animation of the displacement results.
```
